feat(curriculum): add workshop python functions (#68279)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-kitchen-inventory-tracker/6a3e70b94f67d9ee3ecd8486.md

---
id: 6a3e70b94f67d9ee3ecd8486
title: Step 11
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-11
---

# --description--

> You just called `use_eggs(available_eggs, 1)`, which should have used one egg. So, the number of eggs in our kitchen should be `0` now, right?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You just called `use_eggs(available_eggs, 1)`, which should have used one egg. So, the number of eggs in your kitchen should be `0` now, right?
```

> You just called `use_eggs(available_eggs, 1)`, which should have used one egg. So, the number of eggs in your kitchen should be `0` now, right?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You just called `use_eggs(available_eggs, 1)` to use one egg. That means you should have `0` eggs left in your kitchen now, right?
```

You will find out! At the bottom of your code, use the `print()` function to print the value of the `available_eggs` variable. 

> When you run the code, you will notice something surprising: the output is still `1`! Why didn't the number of eggs change? You will explore this mystery in the next few steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run the code, you'll notice something surprising: the output is still `1`! Why didn't the number of eggs change? You'll explore this mystery in the next few steps.
```

dashedName: step-11
---

# --description--

You just called `use_eggs(eggs, 1)`, which should have used one egg. So, the number of eggs in our kitchen should be `0` now, right?

You will find out! At the bottom of your code, use the `print()` function to print the value of the `eggs` variable. 

When you run the code, you will notice something surprising: the output is still `1`! Why didn't the number of eggs change? You will explore this mystery in the next few steps.

# --hints--

You should print the `eggs` variable at the end of your code.

```js
({
  test: () => assert(
    runPython(`_Node(_code).has_call("print(eggs)")`)
  )
})
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```py
eggs = 1
flour = 2
sugar = 3

def take_inventory():
    total_items = eggs + flour + sugar
    print(f'The kitchen has {total_items} total items:')
    print(f'- {eggs} eggs')
    print(f'- {flour} flour')
    print(f'- {sugar} sugar')

take_inventory()

def use_eggs(eggs, num_eggs):
    if num_eggs > eggs:
        print('The kitchen does not have enough eggs.')
        return eggs

    print(f'{num_eggs} egg(s) used out of {eggs} available.')
    return eggs - num_eggs

use_eggs(eggs, 1)
        

> --fcc-editable-region--
>        
> --fcc-editable-region--

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--fcc-editable-region--

--fcc-editable-region--
```

> --fcc-editable-region--

Reviewer: Please remove the empty line above the first marker, `--fcc-editable-region--`, to maintain the consistency across the steps.
